Hi everyone, thank you for coming. Sorry about the
quality of my last lecture. I should not have
tried to go so unprepared, but now I've had plenty
of advanced notice, so if this lecture isn't much
better, that's my fault.

first of all, I would like to correct the several errors
that I made last class, which Ben and Alex helped
me recognize.

first, the statement of Ado's theorem is: any
finite-dimensional Lie algebra over a field of
characteristic zero is isomorphic to a Lie algebra
over a vector space of square matrices with the
bracket given by the commutator.

second, I made an eerror in response to Ben's very
fundamental question about the exponential
map being onto a connected Lie group. the correct
statement will be given in the course of this
lecture.

I will now state several facts about the
exponential map that I had in my outline to prove
in lecture 1 but was unfortunately unable to cover
on Monday. these are crucial but not as
interesting as what they allow us to prove, so we
will merely state them and move on to the Lie
group-Lie algebra correspondence.

